{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9920\viewh8100\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Electric Cars \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400
\cf0 It is being argued that electric cars are eco-friendly, But are they really? Unfortunately they are not .I am here to disprove this argument. .Often other factors contributing to the overall  environment are over looked - namely the manufacture, usage and disposal of the batteries used to store electrical energy and sources of power used to store them. Electric cars pollute much more than petrol/ diesel cars, according to new research conducted by The Norwegian University of Science and Technology.\
\pard\tx9074\tx9963\pardeftab720\sa400
\cf0 The study showed that electric car factories emitted more toxic waste such as carbon dioxide (CO2) than conventional plants. Electric cars batteries are so polluting that none are mind in US, most come from china. These Chinese factories which render electric car pollute as high or higher than petrol. This is because energy consumed in making their batteries. An electric car drives 129,000 km and after that the car owners would have to replace the batteries, this will mean that more manufacturing of batteries and will cause more pollution. In 2012 there were 14,439,684 electric cars sold and 2,227,261 were sold until February 2013.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400
\cf0 In conclusion I just want to ask, would you buy an electric car? obvious answers is no because it pollutes more than petrol/diesel cars and If you know some one who is buying an electric car stop them because large number of people don't know the fact that electric cars causes more pollution. Don't buy electric car until the company fix the issue with the battery or find a eco-friendly solution.\
If you think that electric cars are more cheaper and safer than you haven't taken into consideration that you would have to charge the batteries and electricity that it consumes, usually comes from nuclear gas and coal. Electric cars have big batteries so indirectly you spend more money and pollute more. And for the safe part the electric cars go up to 300 mph and in 4.4 sec it goes 60 mph, it has same possibility of accidents on the road.  }